is your dad
good uh he wants to know who sings the
song dot dot dot wonder wall dot dot dot
uh i'm sorry it wasn't auggie
it's okay you know it was my dad at
least it wasn't my gym asking where i've
been
oh my god why am i spinning out oh this
sucks
why don't you just take the reins and
text him
can i do that no you can't look i know
it's up but you have to wait for
him to hit you up
i don't want to get into a political
debate about it it's just the world
right now
says the girl who made jim read his high
school diary out loud to you
like there are zero boundaries look
boundaries don't exist yeah cause they
pay my dues
look you can play the crazy card down
the road but right now you gotta like
bear down no no no no that shit's so
antiquated
listen why do you need a boyfriend right
now honestly look what it's doing to you
this isn't jane austen times i'm sorry
i think i'm just stressed because like i
told my boss that i was bringing a plus
one to his wedding and now
i think it would be super embarrassing
to just like not bring anyone i know
what you're thinking a little zero to
16. even as a favorite
just be like hey as a friend as a buddy
you cannot invite augie to that wedding
right
oh my god i'm obsessed with him and it's
so pathetic
i'll just no
fine i'm gonna be totally chill totally
i'm gonna be totally chill
you